When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

When you are constantly on the move or have to share. Maybe when lugging around a laptop with you isn't hte best choice.
Or maybe using remote as a backup wouldn't be such a bad idea.

-----------

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Not sure. I think I answered this question in the past but I forgot. Either wya I don't know. But...if I had to guess then I would say it is because you might
make changes to test somehting or just to mess around without wanting it to
 effect the remote github repository.

-------------

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When woul dyou use
one instead of another?

A fork is cloning a repository on github. Literally copying and pasting a 
repository from one account to another. A clone is copying one repository to
a local machine. A branch is like creating a new "model" of the code. A toyota
Prius is still a Toyota prius, but there are prius-1 and prius-2 etc. The idea
is that the different models have different attachments and so with code there
are probably different experimental pieces that you try out...That doesn't mean
there is 100% going to be different stuff, but jus' sayin...

---------

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote 
stored locally?

The benefit is that we can see what hte state of the remote repository is. 
We can find out if we are ahead, or how much ahead we are, or if we should
fetch/merge etc.

---------

How would you collaborate without using Git or github? What would be easier, and
what would be harder?

I would probably do it over email. It would get difficult when there are more
people collaborating though. I see the use of Github and Git. When you learn
how to use Git then it becomes easy, and when you learn how to use Github
then sharing to the world and checking suggestions and making htose changes
available to everyone then becomes so much easier.

-----------


